Update admin user API return type docs (#16654)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/user_admin_api.md

- `media` - An array of objects, each containing information about a media.
  Media objects contain the following fields:
  - `created_ts` - integer - Timestamp when the content was uploaded in ms.
  - `last_access_ts` - integer or null - Timestamp when the content was last accessed in ms.
     Null if there was no access, yet.
  - `media_id` - string - The id used to refer to the media. Details about the format
    are documented under
    [media repository](../media_repository.md).
  - `media_length` - integer - Length of the media in bytes.
  - `media_type` - string - The MIME-type of the media.
  - `quarantined_by` - string or null - The user ID that initiated the quarantine request
    for this media. Null if not quarantined.
  - `safe_from_quarantine` - bool - Status if this media is safe from quarantining.

>   - `upload_name` - string or null - The name the media was uploaded with. Null if unavailable.

Reviewer: Maybe this is clearer? Unavailable sounds to me like it may become available in the future, but it won't.

```suggestion
  - `upload_name` - string or null - The name the media was uploaded with. Null if not provided during upload.
```
